1) write a program to store our national anthem in h1 tag. 
2) write a program to store our rastra gaan in div tag. 
3) write a program to store each t20 international cricket team players as list in different ul tag.

4) write a program to calculate area of triangle from given base and height. base and height should be taken as input from user using html. calculate and display area when user click on button.

5) write a program to calculate simple interest from given amount, rate, and year. input should be taken as using html. calculate and display interest when user click on button

6) Develop EMI Calculator in javascript. take neccesary input from user using html.

7) Develop BMI Calculator in javascript. take neccesary input from user using html.

8) create javascript page. that will display given month calender.
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/76/24/df/7624dfe0359710f9665e0a5765ca78ff.jpg


9) create javascript page that has two button. one to show table and another to hide table. table should display cricket score. 


10) create javascript page that has two button. one to to increase fontsize by 2 px and another to decrease fontsize by 2px of paragraph tag. make sure font size is never less then 10px and never greater then 50px

11) in tic tac game decide who win game and display name of winner. player name should be take as input before game starts using prompt.

12) in tic tac game change code in way one player play against computer. 

13) create class KG which return Kilogram of grams given in constructor and it has method getKG which return KG. extends this class in Ton. which has method getTon that returns ton of grams given in constructor.

14) extend Ton create MegaTon class it has method getMegaTon which return Megaton of grams passed in constructor.

15) create class gb which extends mb class. it should have method getGB() which return GB of given bytes. 

16) create class tb which extends gb class. it should have method getTB() which return TB of given bytes. 

